
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/HelloWorldAction.java:12	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/HelloWorldAction.java:12	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/HelloWorldAction.java:13	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/HelloWorldAction.java:14	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/HelloWorldAction.java:24	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:17	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '17'-'33').
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:17	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '17'-'36').
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:18	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'conn' (lines '18'-'23').
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:21	Local variable 'URL' could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:25	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:26	Avoid variables with short names like ps
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:26	Local variable 'ps' could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:29	Avoid variables with short names like rs
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:29	Ensure that resources like this ResultSet object are closed after use
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:29	Local variable 'rs' could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:33	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '33'-'33').
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:33	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '33'-'36').
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:41	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:52	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:60	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/LoginAction.java:68	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/SearchAction.java:17	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '17'-'25').
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/SearchAction.java:20	Local variable 'location' could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/SearchAction.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like rd
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/SearchAction.java:21	Local variable 'rd' could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/SearchAction.java:22	Local variable 'smc' could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/SearchAction.java:25	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '25'-'27').
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/SearchAction.java:25	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '25'-'30').
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/SearchAction.java:27	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '27'-'30').
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/SearchAction.java:39	Parameter 'population' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/SearchAction.java:47	Parameter 'mystates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/State.java:4	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/State.java:7	Document empty constructor
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/State.java:9	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/State.java:9	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/State.java:9	Parameter 'p' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/State.java:9	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/State.java:20	Parameter 'state' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/com/tutorialspoint/struts2/State.java:28	Parameter 'population' is not assigned and could be declared final